README.md: Update info, usage on vars.DEPLOYMENT_TARGET (#20)
ACCESS-NRI/model-deployment-template: README.md

##### Environment Variables

> * `DEPLOYMENT_TARGET`: Often the name of the deployment target, exported to the deployment target for variations in `spack.yaml` build processes - seen most prominently in mutually-exclusive 'when' clauses like `spack.definitions[].when = env['DEPLOYMENT_TARGET'] == 'gadi'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DEPLOYMENT_TARGET`: Name of the deployment target. It is exported to the deployment target and used for variations in `spack.yaml` build processes - seen most prominently in mutually-exclusive 'when' clauses like `spack.definitions[].when = env['DEPLOYMENT_TARGET'] == 'gadi'`. Also used for logging purposes.
```
